# Human Money

The idea behind new money is to treat money as a social system. they money supply can be seen as 1 unit which never changes. each individual can have a portion of that unit. How much? that is determined by how much everyone thinks they deserve. Money therefore, in this scheme is not a unit of account, but an idication of social credit. With it you determine the relative credit of any other account.

## requirements

Identity - accounts need to be mostly distributed. and each account needs to be known by all other accounts. Bitcoin does not have this poperty because anyone can produce a valid address cheaply. The simplest way to achieve this requirement is to have the system be administered from a centralized powerful authority, however, the simplest way to do it in a decentralized maner may be to merely allow each account created to have an equal chance to create any sucessive account and have a scheme of how quickly they're allowed to do this baked into the protocol. That way accounts remain a scarce resource and are therefore sold or gifted as they are generated.

### Account Creation and Identity

You would, therefore, have a schedule of account creation, one that probably looks like an S-curve to approximate demand, but to simplify things imagine it's constant. The account is entirely virtual. It's automatic. It means the index where the account lives is valid. Since accounts are scarce they will be at least mostly diseminated: there will be a market for them. it may be best to have it completely randomly distributed... whose ever address or some other identifying hash who is closest to the hash of the lastest block can claim a new account. hash the space of hashes so they randomly move about the 2nd space. that way you can't game it, that's probably the best scheme: take the hash of the last block, hash the hash to get a mapping of digets, hash again until you have a full mapping, apply that random mapping to the existing addresses, order them from smallest to largest as numbers. take the address that is closest to the hash for the last block, that account can create a new account. you could do this for blocks too if you wanted... proof of random, isn't that the point of proof of work - to force non-determinism on everyone, to approximate proof of random? anyway that's how accounts are created and since thy're scarce they act as an identiy.

### Currency -creation-

The currency is not an integer. instead it's technically a percentage: you have .000000001% of all the voting power that the group has (which is always 1 unit or 100%). and voting power is the currency. What can you do with the vote? one thing: say how much voting power everyone else should have. to do so you issue a transaction: "I vote for this account to increase in voting power using x% of my own voting power." not voting at all acts like an implicit vote for the self, or an implicit vote for disemination of the vote: "I think those that have more than the average should give to those that have less, proportionately." Now you say, 'this is proof of stake turned currency.' Indeed. however, there's an additional mutation that takes place on this scheme. we don't want any one, or any group to be able to acquire all the voting power because we want the average person, the median account, to have a valuable say. so we combat centralization in the protocol itself. we say, "ok, the votes are in, this account has 64% of the votingpower according to how many people voted for it, well, that's not allowed, it can have no more than 30%, so we're going to cap it and apply the additional value to all other votes, cap and apply and so on." really the scheme is simple: no group of 1/3rd of the accounts can have more than 50% of the voting power. This does not guarantee non-collusion and attacks, but it almost does if the accounts are somewhat evenly distributed. this means the largest entity is superiorally limited in its ability to aggregate voting power, it cannot use its power to vote itself up, if it does so, excess above the cap gets distributed to everyone. Currency is not a store of value here. we cannot aggregate it over time. it is a current accounting of how much others in the group appreciate you.

#### Freezing as opposed to Blacklisting 

To disincentivizing the hording of accounts (identities) the group ought to be able to come to consensus on which accounts to punish. they can do so directly with voting, however as we've seen the system has the natural ability to apply excess votes across the board, increasing the accounts of those that have been voted below the median: essentailly guaranteeing those that horde accounts get dispropotionate advantage. to combat this the community must have some way of identifying, manually, accounts that should be "frozen." it isn't blacklisting outright, but it's saying, any implicit vote up for this account should not get applied to it, give it to everyone else instead. the account can still be voted up manually, but can't increase naturally as everyone else does. this should serve to incentivize the sale of the account before it's blacklisted by the community. the accounts that get frozen can be unfrozen, hopefully upon evidence that the account belongs to an actual, separate new individual, we want the number of individuals in the community to grow as the number of accounts grow to approximate the ideal of one account per human life. I have no implemenetation details about this mechanic though, it might be tricky, but the alternative of doing nothing means the network has virtually no recourse against those that openly horde multiple accounts and that makes the system as a whole less valuable.

#### Account Display

Nobody wants to see "you have .000000001% of all the voting power" and nobody wants to see that number go down as new accounts are created. Therefore, it makes no sense to display an account balance that way. Instead it should be keyed off the median account. there will of course be a power law distribution of voting power. the median should be somewhat analogous to the median household income - "the average joe." something like meidan "+- x%" and the median is implied. That way it has nominal change as new accounts come online. and the vast amajority of people are close to 0 so we could shorten the zeros to a number y.x% as in +5,4% meaning 0.000004% above the median percentage of voting power. that percentage is in terms of voting power. if median voting power is the astronomical 1% and you have 1.0002% of all voting power then .0002 is .02% of 1 therefore your value display is 1,2%. if more accounts are added and take away from your raw voting power value by half, and the median drops by half as well (.5%) you have dropped to .50001%, you are still at 1,1%, unchanged relative to the median. the median, and most accounts should drop as more accounts are added.

# Conclusion

This is the people's money. This is Human money. this is money that can serve as a stipend for living. its free market distributed, decentralized universal basic income, or as close as we can currently get the free market to come to it. As automation comes online and the value of human labor drops we need a solution beyond centralized control, beyond inflation, beyond charity that helps us redistribute the wealth of that automation. Modeling money after democratized citizenship - you have value just by being a member of the group: you have a vote... seems like the most direct way to automatically distribute purchasing power back to those that need it. It is breathing. The economy is alive.
